"Working with invalid data" added (Anti-pattern documentation) (#12752)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/anti-patterns/design-anti-patterns.md

  ```elixir
  defmodule MyApp do
    alias ThirdPartyLibrary, as: Library

    def foo(invalid_data) do
      ...
      Library.sum(1, invalid_data)
      ...
    end
  end

  #...Use examples...

  # with valid data is ok
  iex(1)> MyApp.foo(2)
  3

  #with invalid data cause a confusing error deep inside
  iex(2)> MyApp.foo("José")
  ** (ArithmeticError) bad argument in arithmetic expression: 1 + "José"
    :erlang.+(1, "José")
    library.ex:3: ThirdPartyLibrary.sum/2
  ```

* __Refactoring:__ To remove this anti-pattern, the client code must validate input parameters at the boundary with the user, via guard clauses or pattern matching. This will prevent errors from occurring deeply, making them easier to understand. This refactoring will also allow libraries to be implemented without worrying about creating internal protection mechanisms. The next code illustrates the refactoring of ``foo/1``, removing this anti-pattern:

  ```elixir

>   defmodule MyApp do
>     alias ThirdPartyLibrary, as: Library
> 
>     def foo(data) when is_integer(data) do
>       ...
>       Library.sum(1, data)
>       ...
>     end
>   end
> 
>   #...Use examples...
> 
>   #with valid data is ok
>   iex(1)> MyApp.foo(2)
>   3
> 
>   # with invalid data errors are easy to locate and fix
>   iex(2)> MyApp.foo("José")
>   ** (FunctionClauseError) no function clause matching in MyApp.foo/1
> 
>     The following arguments were given to MyApp.foo/1:
> 
>         # 1
>         "José"
> 
>     my_app.ex:6: MyApp.foo/1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  defmodule MyLibrary do
    def foo(data) when is_integer(data) do
      ...
      MyLibrary.Internal.sum(1, data)
      ...
    end
  end

  #...Use examples...

  #with valid data is ok
  iex(1)> MyLibrary.foo(2)
  3

  # with invalid data errors are easy to locate and fix
  iex(2)> MyLibrary.foo("José")
  ** (FunctionClauseError) no function clause matching in MyLibrary.foo/1

    The following arguments were given to MyLibrary.foo/1:

        # 1
        "José"

    my_library.ex:6: MyLibrary.foo/1
```
